Source: Paris, Brussels attackers sought to target Euro 2016.
The cell that carried out the Paris and Brussels attacks sought to target the Euro 2016 soccer championships in France, ISIS terror suspect Mohamed Abrini has told interrogators, according to a source close to the investigation.
Investigators are working to verify Abrini's claims, the source told CNN.
In addition, a computer used by Brussels attackers Ibrahim and Khalid El Bakraoui and found in a garbage bin outside the group's bomb factory contained a file of research indicating La Defense shopping mall in Paris and a Catholic association were additional potential targets, the source said.
The Euro 2016 tournament, slated to run from June 10 to July 10 in cities across France, is one of the biggest international sports spectacles in the world.
There were already fears about security at the championship. In November, the same cell carried out three suicide bombings outside the French national stadium while Germany was playing France. Eyewitness accounts obtained by CNN suggest the attackers tried but failed to get inside the stadium.
Abrini was one of six people detained in raids Friday across the Belgian capital. The Belgian federal prosecutor's office positively identified him as the third suspect in the March 22 Brussels Airport attack -- the "man in the hat."
He also has been tied through surveillance video and DNA to the terror attacks in Paris.
Masters 2016: Danny Willett claims first major after Jordan Spieth's meltdown.
England's Danny Willett capitalized on an astonishing collapse by defending champion Jordan Spieth to win the 80th Masters after a dramatic final afternoon at Augusta National.
Spieth held a five-shot lead until he dropped six shots in three holes, culminating in a disastrous quadruple bogey on the short 12th, where he found the water twice.
It left Willett in charge and he duly increased his lead with a fearless birdie on the short 16th to go to five-under, a position he held until his triumphant finish.
Spate of suicide attempts leaves Canadian indigenous community reeling.
In the beleaguered, isolated community of the Ontario First Nation of Attawapiskat, one of the greatest dangers comes from within.
The 2,000 strong indigenous community in the far north of the Canadian province has seen a spate of suicide attempts over the past eight months -- over 100 members, young and old, have tried to take their own lives.
The situation came to a heartbreaking head this weekend, as community leaders in the tiny James Bay town were forced to declare a formal state of emergency after 11 people attempted to kill themselves Saturday.
"Community front line resources are exhausted, and no additional outside resources are available," the declaration says.
Saturday's shocking revelations follow another tragic month -- 28 Attawapiskat residents attempted suicide in March, more than 100 since September of last year.
CNN affiliate CBC reports that amongst the dozens of suicide attempts, the youngest person was 11 years old, while the oldest was 71. One person has successfully taken their life since September.
The Assembly of First Nations, an organization representing indigenous people in Canada, said this is "a national tragedy and a national shame that demands immediate action and attention."
"First Nation" refers to non-Inuit and non-Metis indigenous people in Canada. There are 617 First Nation communities across the country.
"We repeat our call for a national strategy to address First Nations suicide," the Assembly's national chief, Perry Bellegarde, said.
This isn't the first time that suicide has prompted a state of emergency in Canada. The Pimicikamak Cree Nation community in northern Manitoba last month declared their own state of emergency after enduring six self-inflcted deaths over a period of just a few months.
Priya, who had vanished from the scene angrily, soon brought with her three cups of tea for all of them. Now there was no anger apparent on her face. She kept one cup of tea each in front of them, but they knew it well, that usually she would personally give each cup into their hands. Instead, she had just kept it today in front of them. Then holding her own cup in her hands, she started sipping the tea slowly with continuing the studies further. Rajesh and Vijay glanced at each other. Vijay was feeling sorry for unnecessarily hurting her.
‘Yes! Do you know what is it called to that you were saying before going for tea?’, Vijay asked her. Frankly speaking he was only trying to restore her normal mood by talking with her again.
‘Before going for tea, what was I saying?’, Priya suddenly asked unknowingly.
‘That’s what, that you get to see me in your front every now and then or throughout day and night!’, Vijay explained.
‘I was only joking. Does anything like this happen ever?’, Priya remarked, ‘I was bored of studying so I just thought it better to change the topic for initiating some relaxation and entertainment! Isn’t it Rajesh?. Wasn’t it a good relaxation and entertainment!’.
Rajesh did not utter a word because he could understand how deeply Priya must have felt hurt which was why she was casually turning the leaf of any discussion to that topic away. Finding that Rajesh was keeping quiet, Priya once again got engrossed with her reading or, at least, started pretending the same.
‘Anyway, that apart!’, Vijay now turned his attention to Rajesh, ‘I will tell you what I was about to say!’.
But from the corners of his eyes he was carefully attentive of Priya.
‘What are you going to tell me now?’, Rajesh was reluctant to hear because he was hesitant to insert his hand in the ‘Cold War’ between Vijay and Priya to avoid inviting the wrath of any one of them since he had had his fingers burnt several times before by doing that which is why he was alert about it now.
‘Please! I am studying now! Don’t disturb me with your casual talks!’, Priya intervened.
‘How nice of you! Last time did we utter a word against you when you were chatting with us after feeling bored?’, Vijay angrily asked her.
Priya continued delving in her book and studies by ignoring Vijay’s angry assertion forcing Vijay to continue saying, ‘and now you are feeling disturbed by our talks. It is our turn now to feel bored and hence we are going to change the topic’. Vijay sarcastically stressed the mention of his phrase, ‘change the topic’.
‘We are going to change the topic?’, Rajesh pinched, ‘If you both want to continue quarrelling you both may very well continue with it. But don’t unnecessarily pull me in between’. It is often said that a wise is the one who doesn’t interfere in a street-quarrel or between the dispute going on among a husband and wife’.
‘What?’, both Vijay and Priya startlingly asked.
‘No! What I meant is that I was only comparing dispute between you both with a street-quarrel!’, Rajesh quickly sought to clarify himself.
‘That is what even I say, how could you dare to pass such a nasty remark!’, Vijay reacted.
‘But why did you not ask one should not interfere in a street-quarrel and also in a dispute between husband and wife?’, Rajesh asked.
‘Why should one not interfere?’, Priya curiously asked.
‘First I will tell you about the dispute between husband and wife!. One should not try to reconcile between a husband and a wife is that there is never any guarantee when both of them may shake hands and start quarreling with you itself’, Rajesh explained.
‘And why should one not interfere between a street-quarrel!’, Vijay curiously asked.
‘One should never interfere in a street-quarrel because’, Rajesh quietly got up from his chair and started moving toward the door and before running away, he cunningly replied, ‘you never know when the parties involved in a street-quarrel appear out to be a husband and wife!’.
Realizing that Rajesh has again pointed out the whole story back to the phrase ‘husband and wife’ and thereby sought to pair them up again, Vijay angrily shouted, ‘You bloody scoundrel’ and ran after Rajesh.
As soon as Vijay got up to catch him, Rajesh quickly ran away from the door he had intentionally opened carefully before passing that mischievous remark but Vijay also started running after him to catch him outside. Now even Priya was induced to come out of the house and watch, for a long time, their running episode full of fun where Vijay was vigorously attempting to get hold of Rajesh and Rajesh in turn was trying to repeatedly dodge Vijay.
It was almost midnight. Lights were off in Atul’s room. But there was faint light in the room, which was of the computer monitor, which was being operated by Atul in the corner. Atul was totally engrossed in doing something on the computer. Around him, every where littered were plates , empty , partially empty coffee mugs, glasses, and a more than half empty whisky bottle. Exactly behind him was Alex, slept with legs and hands spread around on the bed. In the midnight silence Atul was operating fast on the computer, and there was a specific sound of the keyboard, breaking that silence in the room. Behind Atul was Alex stirring and turning around trying to sleep. He seemed to be disturbed by the keyboard noise. Lastly when it became unbearable he got up, 
“Hey.. what’s going on?... Its since last 8 days I could see you are continuously making this noise day in and day out... Why don’t you let me sleep? ... Due to this noise I am on the verge of getting mad you know...” 
Atul kept quiet, still operating on the computer.
“OK... Let me know what you are doing... will you?... What is that work .. which is going on since last 8 days.. let me know” Alex said, going to Atul.
“I am breaking Vivek’s and Anjali’s password.. I have broken Anjali’s... not it’s Vivek’s turn... “ Atul said, without looking at him, still continuing on computer.
“I can understand.. that you are breaking the passwords... but what about my head, which is on the verge of breaking ... due to this annoying noise” Alex again went to his bed.
He was least bothered about whose password is broken and whose not. He was only concerned about the money. Alex pulled a sheet over his face; still he was not able to get rid of that noise. So he tried to cover his ears with the pillow, but in vain. Lastly he tore the pillow in the corner, pulled some cotton from it, and crammed into his ears. 
Now it was around 3 O’ Clock in the morning, still Atul’s work on the computer was going on restless. Behind him, Alex seemed to be managed somehow to sleep, as he was in deep sleep.
Suddenly, while working on the computer, Atul get up victoriously and happily, “ Yess.. ya hoo.. I have done it”
He cried so loudly that Alex, who was sleeping, woke up startled, “ What’s wrong? ... What’s wrong” Fearfully he was asking Atul.
“Come on .. Cheers Alex... We have got a key to the treasure ... look here” Atul said holding Alex’s hand, and pulling him to computer.
Alex came with him, though uninterested, and looked at the monitor.
“Look I have broken Vivek’s password too and look the mail sent by Anjali in his mail box” Atul was trying to attract his attention to an open mail.
The mail opened on the monitor was Anjali’s mail sent by her to Vivek and it read – 
“Vivek... on 25th of this month, 12 PM I am coming to Mumbai, in connection with a meeting... 12.30 I will reach Hotel Oberoi... And then getting fresh I will attend the meeting which is scheduled at 1. ... Meeting will be over by 3.. 4 at the most... You meet me on Versova beech by 5 .. sharp 5.. Bye for now.. take care”
“Come on... now we have to get ready to shift our camp to Mumbai...” Atul said to Alex, getting up.
Alex looked at Atul with disbelief. Now he was getting, what Atul was doing on computer since 8 days, and how it was connected to their intention. 
Hey Atul... you are genius” Now Alex was beaming up with enthusiasm. 
Suzan talked with Brat over phone and as she finished, she quickly headed for the door. Daniel was still puzzled and lazily just followed her.
"Come on ... we need to go immediately." Suzan said.
Where? " Daniel asked, he grabbed the chance to ask her, which he had not got since so long.
To catch her. " Suzan said, coming out of the house.
Where has she gone?" Daniel asked.
I don’t know..? Just follow me." Suzan said in irritation.
Then where are we going?" He asked with equal irritation.
You just come with me... we don't have time right now.. I will tell you everything on the way" Suzan said, trying to be as calm as possible. Both of them walked off.
A car was running on the road with full speed. From the side window it was visible that Stella was driving the car. On a turn she applied breaks with full force and took a right turn sharply. A police jeep was following Stella's car. Stella was either unaware of the fact or she did not have time to look behind.
Stella's car was running with full speed when a lady abruptly stopped in the middle of the road while crossing the road. In fact she was confused and did not know what to do next when she saw a car speedily approaching her. Stella did not have a choice other than to apply breaks, as fast and with maximum force as possible. The brakes made a shrieking sound and the car came to halt, right in front of the lady. As the car came to halt, the lady who was frozen like an ice started running. Stella was panting like anything; got relieved seeing the lady was safe. She cleared the sweat beads came on her forehead and proceeded further.
The police car was right behind hers, keeping a safe distance. Probably they didn't want to be known by her that she was been chased.
Brat's jeep was also rushing speedily. Continuously he was in contact with the police jeep chasing Stella. Suddenly his wireless beeped. He got a message from patrolling jeep, " Sir we are right behind her..."
“Good... Don’t let her go out of your site... I will join you shortly... “Brat replied.
After leaving behind city, Stella’s car traveled for quite a distance and turned to right on a dusty road. Clouds of dust came up. As the patrolling police chasing her found Stella's car turning right, they slowed down their jeep. They waited for her car to go ahead, so that she should not realize her chasing up.
Suzan's car was also rushing speedily on the city roads. Daniel was driving the car and Suzan was instructing him the way. Suzan dialed a number on her cell phone, " We are also on the way..."
"You... Don’t have to worry ...our team is right behind her..." Brat assured them.
"Where is she? ... And, where are you?" Suzan asked.
"I am almost to join my team ... I am right now at... " Brat peeked outside the window to tell her the exact location.
The police patrolling jeep followed Stella's car on the dusty road. A police staff from the jeep informed Brat on wireless, " Sir, it seems she is going into woods."
"Just keep on following her..." Brat instructed.
"Yes sir"
Daniel was driving the car and was waiting for next instruction from Suzan. She was still on mobile. Suzan finished her talk on mobile and instructed him "Take left turn on the next signal"
Ospreys flanker Justin Tipuric is out of Wales' tour of New Zealand in June.
The 26-year-old open-side has been advised to take a three-month rest after suffering concussion playing for Wales against Italy on 19 March.
"Justin is recovering well," said medic Chris Towers. "But in the light of his symptoms the advice is it is in his best interests to take time returning."
Wales play three Tests against the All Blacks on 11, 18 and 25 June as well as a midweek match against Waikato Chiefs.
A statement added: "A prolonged three-month period of recovery rules him out of the rest of the season for the Ospreys and the Wales tour to New Zealand.
"The focus for Justin will be on getting healthy and fit, ready for pre-season."
International prop Paul James is also out for the season following eye surgery, while the Ospreys confirmed centre JJ Englebrecht and prop Ma'afu Fia will also not play again this term.
The 43-times capped Tipuric started for Wales in three of their 2016 Six Nations internationals, taking the place of the injured Sam Warburton against Italy in Cardiff.
But he departed after 16 minutes after falling heavily at a line-out.
The Swansea-based region hinted on 30 March that the 2013 British and Irish Lion tourist's season could be over.
Backs coach Gruff Rees said then: "We're not putting any pressure on him having to do anything but sitting on the sofa."
Tipuric's ball-playing skills had also led to his name being linked with a possible call-up to the GB sevens squad for the Rio Olympics, which would also be ruled out by his enforced lay-off.
Tear gas has been fired at migrants after they tried to scale a border fence near the village of Idomeni, at the Greek-Macedonian frontier.
More than 11,000 refugees and other migrants are camped out on the Greek side of the border at Idomeni.
A man was filmed jumping from a hijacked EgyptAir plane cockpit window shortly before the hijacker surrendered.
Flight MS181 was taken over after a passenger, identified by Cypriot officials as Seif Eldin Mustafa, claimed to be wearing a suicide explosive belt.
Reports said he wanted to talk to his estranged wife in Cyprus, and the Cypriot president said the hijack was not a terrorist incident.
But other reports said he was seeking the release of female prisoners in Egypt.
Project Gutenberg offers over 50,000 free ebooks: choose among free epub books, free kindle books, download them or read them online.
We carry high quality ebooks: Our ebooks were previously published by bona fide publishers. We digitized and diligently proofread them with the help of thousands of volunteers.
No fee or registration is required, but if you find Project Gutenberg useful, we kindly ask you to donate a small amount so we can buy and digitize more books. Other ways to help include digitizing more books, recording audio books, or reporting errors.
Over 100,000 free ebooks are available through our Partners, Affiliates and Resources.
Our ebooks may be freely used in the United States because most are not protected by U.S. copyright law, usually because their copyrights have expired. They may not be free of copyright in other countries. Readers outside of the United States must check the copyright laws of their countries before downloading or redistributing our ebooks. We also have a number of copyrighted titles, for which the copyright holder has given permission for unlimited non-commercial worldwide use.
The Project Gutenberg website is for human users only. Any real or perceived use of automated tools to access our site will result in a block of your IP address.
The plan of the Third Reader is the same as that of the Second, with the exception that a few historical lessons have been introduced, and two lessons which may serve as an introduction to Physical Science. The botanical lessons supplement those given in the Second Reader. These, and the lessons on Canadian trees, and all lessons relating to things in nature, should be made the subjects of conversation between the teacher and his class, and should form a basis for scientific instruction. The pupils should be led to study nature directly. To this end they should be required to obtain (wherever possible) the natural objects which are described in the lessons, and to examine them, and to form opinions for themselves concerning them.
Similarly, every lesson should form the subject of conversation—before reading, during the progress of the reading, and after reading:—the teacher eliciting from his pupils clear statements of their knowledge of it, correcting any wrong notions they may have of it, throwing them back upon their own experience or reading, and leading them to observe, compare, and judge, and to state in words the results of their observations, comparisons, and judgments. Some of these statements should be written on the blackboard, and then be made the subject of critical conversation; others might be written by the pupils at their desks, and afterwards be reviewed in class. In this incidental teaching, it should be the teacher’s aim to develop the previous imperfect knowledge of the pupils concerning a lesson into a full and complete knowledge. This can best be effected by judicious questioning and conversation.
The illustrations of the lessons, as in the Second Reader, are intended to aid the pupils in obtaining real conceptions of the ideas involved in the lessons. Children vary greatly in capacity for imagination. It is essential, however, to the proper understanding of a lesson, and hence to the proper reading of it, that a child be able to imagine the persons, actions, objects, described in it. The illustrations will aid in developing this power of imagination, and the teacher by his questions and appropriate criticisms, and by a judicious use of his own greater knowledge and experience, will aid still more in developing it.
In the poetry great care has been taken to select not only such pieces as children can easily comprehend, but also such as are in themselves good literature. Many old favorites have been retained, their worth as reading lessons having been proved with generations of school children. In the reading of poetry the teacher must constantly assure himself that the pupils clearly understand what they read. Children have a natural ear for[4] rhythm, and a fondness for rhyme. Hence they easily learn to read verse being insensibly charmed by its melody. But they cannot, with equal facility, comprehend the poetical meanings, the terse expressions, and the inverted constructions, with which verse abounds. Much more time, therefore, should be spent by the teacher, in poetry than in prose, in eliciting from his pupils the meanings of words, phrases, and sentences. He should not rest satisfied until the pupils can substitute for every more important word, phrase, and sentence of a poem, an equivalent of their own finding. He must be certain too that they understand the substitutions which they offer. Conversation and questioning will here, as elsewhere in school work, help him in effecting his purpose.
The exercises which are put at the end of some of the lessons are intended merely as examples of exercises which the teacher can himself prepare for all the lessons. Methods of using these have been described in the Preface to the Second Reader. In the Word Exercises, many of the words have been re-spelled phonetically to indicate their pronunciation. This too is merely an example of what may be done with all words. Pupils should be taught to pick out the silent letters in words, and to indicate the true phonetic equivalents of the “orthographical expedients,” as they are called, by which vowel sounds are often indicated. For example, in neighbour, g, h, and either o or u are silent, and ei does duty for ā; so that the pronunciation of the word may be indicated by nā’bor or nā’bur. It will be a useful exercise for the pupils sometimes to write out in this way, on the blackboard, the phonetic spelling of the irregularly spelled words which occur in their lessons, alongside of their common spelling. Practice will soon give facility in doing this. It is believed that by such practice the orthography of irregularly spelled words will be more easily remembered, and accuracy of pronunciation more readily gained.
To aid in securing accuracy of pronunciation, a short chapter on Orthoëpy has been prefixed to the reading lessons. The statements in it are to form a basis for lessons to be given by the teacher to the pupils in conversation. Orthoëpy is acquired only by constant attention to utterance. Carefulness in enunciation must first become a habit. The correct pronunciation of individual words will then be gained by the imitation of those who speak correctly, or reference to a dictionary. It is true that in the pronunciation of many words, authorities differ widely; hence dogmatism in pronunciation is to be avoided. Notwithstanding this, no one can hope to become a correct speaker without the careful study of a dictionary. The teacher should see that the system of sound-marking adopted by the dictionary in use in his school, is understood by his pupils, so that they may consult it intelligently.
A senior North Korean military officer who oversaw spying operations has defected, say South Korean officials.
The officer has not been named, but the defence ministry in Seoul said he was a senior colonel in the Reconnaissance General Bureau and left last year.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted a source as saying the colonel was seen as elite by other defectors.
More than 28,000 people have fled North Korea since the end of the Korean War, but high level defections are rare.
Last week, 13 North Koreans who had been working in one of the North's restaurants abroad defected as a group.
Yonhap said a number of senior political figures had defected while working overseas recently.
It quoted government officials as saying this was a sign the leadership of Kim Jong-un was cracking.
Valuable information. Defence Ministry spokesman Smith said the South could not release further information on the colonel.
Police in Brazil are preparing for protests in the capital, Brasilia, ahead of a congressional committee vote later on Monday.
The 65-member committee will vote on whether to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff over allegations she manipulated government accounts to hide a growing deficit.
Ms Rousseff denies the allegations.
A two-metre-high (6.5ft) metal barricade is being built to keep anti- and pro-government protesters apart.
The committee began its deliberations at about 11:00 local time (14:00 GMT), O Globo reported.
Its vote is largely symbolic, as no matter what the outcome of it is, the full lower house of Congress will vote on the impeachment later this week or at the beginning of next.
It was a critical month for Smith.
What has gone wrong in Brazil?
Rousseff faces a perfect storm
But analysts say it will serve as an indicator of how key members of the lower house feel about impeaching the president.
Brazilian media are reporting that more than 100 of the 513-member lower house are still undecided.
There's a striking picture on the wall. It shows an untarmacked road, scorched by sunlight, leading to a small village with a mountain range behind it. And all along the side of the road there are crosses every 100m - taller even than lamp posts.
"Christian village," a guard mumbles. "Near Mosul."
We are in the Baghdad headquarters of the Iraq Christian Resistance, Babylon Brigade. They are a militia, although they prefer the phrase popular mobilisation unit. Whatever the language, about 30 of these outfits have sprung up in the past couple of years and between them they have 100,000 armed volunteers. They were formed to block the advance of the so-called Islamic State group when it swept through north and west Iraq in 2014, even threatening Baghdad. When the Iraqi national army collapsed the militias stood firm.
Most are Shia Muslim. A handful are Sunni Muslim, one is Christian - the Babylon Brigade.
The other pictures on the wall are photographs, all depicting the Babylon Brigade's leader and the man I have come to meet, Rayan al-Kildani. Kildani in military fatigues, Kildani with shades, Kildani meeting some important people, Kildani looking contemplative, Kildani looking determined.
And then the man himself arrives with a small entourage, most of them in suits but one young man with a wispy beard is in military clothing.
In botany, a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem, or trunk, supporting branches and leaves in most species. In some usages, the definition of a tree may be narrower, including only woody plants with secondary growth, plants that are usable as lumber or plants above a specified height. Trees are not a taxonomic group but include a variety of plant species that have independently evolved a woody trunk and branches as a way to tower above other plants to compete for sunlight. In looser senses, the taller palms, the tree ferns, bananas and bamboos are also trees. Trees tend to be long-lived, some reaching several thousand years old. The tallest known tree, a coast redwood named Hyperion, stands 115.6 m (379 ft) high. Trees have been in existence for 370 million years. It is estimated that there are just over 3 trillion mature trees in the world.
A tree typically has many secondary branches supported clear of the ground by the trunk. This trunk typically contains woody tissue for strength, and vascular tissue to carry materials from one part of the tree to another. For most trees it is surrounded by a layer of bark which serves as a protective barrier. Below the ground, the roots branch and spread out widely; they serve to anchor the tree and extract moisture and nutrients from the soil. Above ground, the branches divide into smaller branches and shoots. The shoots typically bear leaves, which capture light energy and convert it into sugars by photosynthesis, providing the food for the tree's growth and development. Flowers and fruit may also be present, but some trees, such as conifers, instead have pollen cones and seed cones; others, such as tree ferns, produce spores instead.
Trees play a significant role in reducing erosion and moderating the climate. They remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and store large quantities of carbon in their tissues. Trees and forests provide a habitat for many species of animals and plants. Tropical rainforests are one of the most biodiverse habitats in the world. Trees provide shade and shelter, timber for construction, fuel for cooking and heating, and fruit for food as well as having many other uses. In parts of the world, forests are shrinking as trees are cleared to increase the amount of land available for agriculture. Because of their longevity and usefulness, trees have always been revered and they play a role in many of the world's mythologies.
A book is a set of written, printed, illustrated, or blank sheets, made of ink, paper, parchment, or other materials, fastened together to hinge at one side. A single sheet within a book is a leaf, and each side of a leaf is a page. A set of text-filled or illustrated pages produced in electronic format is known as an electronic book, or e-book.
Books may also refer to works of literature, or a main division of such a work. In library and information science, a book is called a monograph, to distinguish it from serial periodicals such as magazines, journals, or newspapers. The body of all written works including books is literature. In novels and sometimes other types of books (for example, biographies), a book may be divided into several large sections, also called books (Book 1, Book 2, Book 3, and so on). An avid reader of books is a bibliophile or colloquially, bookworm.
A shop where books are bought and sold is a bookshop or bookstore. Books can also be borrowed from libraries. Google has estimated that as of 2010, approximately 130,000,000 distinct titles had been published. In some wealthier nations, printed books are giving way to the usage of electronic or e-books, though sales of e-books declined in the first half of 2015.
Cake is a form of sweet dessert that is typically baked. In its oldest forms, cakes were modifications of breads but now cover a wide range of preparations that can be simple or elaborate and share features with other desserts such as pastries, meringues, custards and pies.
Typical cake ingredients are flour, sugar, eggs, butter or oil, a liquid, and leavening agents, such as baking soda and/or baking powder. Common additional ingredients and flavourings include dried, candied or fresh fruit, nuts, cocoa, and extracts such as vanilla, with numerous substitutions for the primary ingredients. Cakes can also be filled with fruit preserves or dessert sauces (like pastry cream), iced with buttercream or other icings, and decorated with marzipan, piped borders, or candied fruit.
Cake is often served as a celebratory dish on ceremonial occasions, for example weddings, anniversaries, and birthdays. There are countless cake recipes; some are bread-like, some rich and elaborate, and many are centuries old. Cake making is no longer a complicated procedure; while at one time considerable labor went into cake making (particularly the whisking of egg foams), baking equipment and directions have been simplified so that even the most amateur cook may bake a cake.
Listen on BBC Radio 5 live and BBC local radio; text commentary on the BBC Sport website
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany will not return from injury for his side's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Paris St-Germain at Etihad Stadium on Tuesday night.
Manager Manuel Pellegrini said: "He is not 100%. It is not possible."
Defender Kompany, 30, has not played since suffering a calf injury as City drew 0-0 against Dynamo Kiev in March to reach the last eight.
City and French champions PSG drew 2-2 in the first leg in Paris.
Kompany has been plagued by calf injuries in recent seasons, with the latest the 14th such problem he has sustained since joining City in 2008.
The Belgium international was present at City's open training session on Monday morning before being ruled out by Pellegrini at his lunch-time press conference.
David Silva trained after missing Saturday's 2-1 victory over West Bromwich Albion with an ankle injury with only Raheem Sterling joining Kompany on the injured list.
Defender Nicolas Otamendi did not train with the squad on Monday after suffering an ankle injury at the weekend but will be available as City look to qualify for the semi-finals.
Which is worse, cancer or depression? The answer is clear. Depression is worse: depression makes you want to die and cancer doesn’t.
I’ve spent all my adult life with depression lurking. I haven’t mentioned it to very many people at all.  For the first ten years I talked about it to nobody at all, for the next decade only Gill and therapists. I have not wanted to be dismissed as a weak and worthless person.  But I have been hugely comforted when other people have talked about depression so this blog is me trying to give back. I was inspired by the Norwegian Prime Minister – Prime minister! – who announced in 1998 that he was ill with depression and needed to take some time off, which he did and then returned to complete a successful term in office.
My depression has taken cyclical form with a nine month bout every three years. I worked this out in the late 1990s. It was then possible to start seeing it as a medical issue rather than a personal failing. Then I talked to Gill, saw my GP and started exploring drug and other treatments (I had already tried counseling methods without fully acknowledging that I was ill).
My experience of depression was debilitating, with me being incapable of making any good decisions or getting anything done or caring for other people or even looking after myself, with no glimmer of appetite or joy in life. Thoughts of death rolled and crashed and banged around the door. I spent hours concocting methods of ending my life and discarding them, concocting and discarding, concocting and discarding.  Since having children, they have always been, in the end, a definitive reason for discarding.
My depression followed a ‘slowly in, quickly out’ pattern. Over the summer I would start feeling gloomy more and more often and this continued through autumn to blackest days of winter. Some time in spring the first the echo of something I scarcely dared hope for or believe in opened up just for a moment. Once it happened on a bike ride in playing fields in Cambridge; once in the cricket field in front of Firle House, a beautiful Sussex country house, on a day with picnic, children’s games, and our family playing with two others.
One surprising fact for me was that people didn’t notice! I continued turning up at work (never high pressure jobs) and nobody shouted at me for not getting the job done or giving a poor lecture. In home life, Gill and others might not have found me exhilarating company but always invited me along and I usually tagged along, with no true enthusiasm but aware that staying at home would probably be worse. Perhaps they did notice but were just too polite to say. But maybe that is just a very English interpretation!
In the 1990s and 2000s I had two bouts of depression truncated by Prozac type drugs, and then a few months after the depression ended I stopped the drugs, but then the depression came back roughly on schedule.  So in 2009 I decided I should be on a drug that was working for me, venlafaxine, for the long term.
After five years depression free, I wanted to see if I’d escaped the cycle and was depression-free without drugs. I didn’t take doctor’s advice. I came off the drugs and within three months the first intimations of gloom appeared. I went back on the drugs but they didn’t help. By last summer I was back in the grips of depression. Also last summer my stomach started hurting persistently which I interpreted as a symptom of the depression, or vice versa. I had a first series of medical check ups in September 2014 but there was no evidence of cancer. It seemed at the time that irritable bowel syndrome was the most likely analysis although it didn’t account for the level or consistency of the stomach pain.
The second set of check ups at the beginning of November included a CT scan and blood tests and it was then that the doctors diagnosed cancer.
And at that point the depression disappeared! Simply evaporated! Was no longer! Apart from terrifying moments in the middle of two dystopian waking dreams following the start of my second chemo a couple of weeks ago, it has not been back (touch wood, fingers crossed).
Depression detached me from the usual trade offs in life: with no appetite for anything, all my choices to do things felt sham. Cancer has returned me to a place where I can take decisions between pleasure and pain, good and bad, in an ordinary way. It has made me more normal and connected with other people. While having cancer I’ve had lots of enjoyable times (like now lazing in a hot deep bath, dictating to Gill in a thoroughly stately manner).
The differences between men and women fascinate us all.  For me, like depression, it has been one of the absorbing topics in my life.  I was introduced to feminism early, by an older lover, in my late teens in the 1970s.  It opened up a fascinating world of questions: how different would the world have looked had I been a woman?
I then went to Kenya for a year and my world-view was changed again, to allow for the world rich/poor divide.
By the time I was at University, Cambridge 1979-82, I  was in the socialist, feminist, internationalist camp – though nothing too radical; that is where I made many strong friendships and the worldview that has strengthened and deepened since.
Jog on to a weekend a couple of years after Camridge, when I was living in London, where radical views were all the more common.  I remember a scarring weekend at the beginning of a counselling diploma course in Kent.  After a few drinks we had had a rollocking argument about Jewishness with a strident Zionist, feminist woman.  I went to bed feeling it had been a jolly good argument. But over the remainder of the weekend, and then the following term of the course, I had felt increasingly defensive, like everything I say might be taken against me, excluded.   At the end of the year, the strident woman left the course and I was so relieved.  A year or two later some gossip got back to me.  The strident woman had said after that first evening “he represents patriarchy, we’ll get him”.  I took away two lessons be wary of putting your head above the parapet
maybe I’m not such a feminist in my style of argument after all
Since then, and over the years as we learnt more and more about how the brain works,  in conversations with friends or on the radio, I have often heard that men and women are equal.  And I have thought, ‘but what does that mean?’, ‘is the equality premise being used to support a bad argument?’  Often I have concluded ‘yes’, for example in arguments about percentages of women in senior positions in companies.  Haven’t many women chosen to commit to family over career for much of their thirties, while men have gone for longer and longer hours, and isn’t that something that we should acknowledge and admire as a choice a strong woman may make?    Those percentages are dodgy.
So, except in trusted company, I have learnt to keep my head under the parapet.  But as I walk along with my head behind the parapet, what should I do?  Plenty of childcare, or course, maybe with a focus particularly on the boys – for the background see Steve Biddulph’s ‘Raising Boys’ (NOT a book that keeps its head down).
When Boris was nine, his best friend and he wanted to play football all the time.  Best friend’s Dad, Gary, also one of our best friends, set up Sunday morning football for his son, mine, and any nine-years-olds wanting to play.  He supplied goals, referee, whistle and a time frame, and established a following, with games having up to ten boys (and the occasional girl, and sometimes, depending on numbers, some of the Dads, if any had hung around) on each side.  As the boys got bigger and faster, the Dads older and slower, I remember some desperately competitive boys vs. Dads games.  The weekly fixture ran on til the boys were sixteen.
That was Boris, my oldest.  Then came along Raffie, twelve years younger and equally obsessed with football already by the age of two.  I waited til he was six, bought him a set of goals as a Christmas present (the old ones were offered, but were dilapidated after six weeks weekly use come rain or shine) and re-established Sunday morning football  9.30 til 11, we’ll be there, come if you can!
It has been thriving since, with sometimes as many as 11-a-side.  I have watched the boys (for it is all boys, in a self-selecting way) develop, both in skill and in control – control, for example, in not busting into tears on conceding a goal!  I have referee’d almost all the time, with my own little ritual of  referee+players warming up, jogging round the pitch and selecting teams.  There is a core group of football Dads who are amongst my best friends now, and since cancer, we have set up a refereeing rota, so Sunday morning football runs on.  Happily beneath the parapet.
Four years ago my friend David had a Georgian-style fiftieth birthday feast. David loves singing, and the particular variety he loves most is Georgian, with its singular rich deep harmonies.  Through singing it and teaching it he has made many Georgian (and non-Georgian) friends.  A Georgian feast, at its most formal, has a toastmaster presiding over who should speak or sing next according to complex rituals, with drinking being specified at the end of each contribution and nowhere else; thirty of us crowded in David’s Edinburgh flat around his dining table, things were not so formal, but the framework remained.  In one of his responses David had said,  “when I was growing up all the other boys just talked about football and I wasn’t interested”, and that connected with being behind the parapet and gave me the material for my toast.  What could I talk about? What was I really interested in?
Over the next week or two, my father, my two sons and I had a grand outing to watch Brighton and Hove Albion, the big local team.  I reflected on talk – talk, as a means of connecting with others; talk, safe behind the parapet – and wrote the following.
Men who talk about football
Fathers, sons, husbands, brothers,
Men who work, provide and care,
Men who as boys played football
Connected on the pitch, know the offside rule
and (in my day) the full line-up against Germany 1966
and whose women say “talk, talk” but we are not quite sure how
and somehow never do the right kind of talk
Men who want to connect with their fathers, sons, wives, brothers
who want to show love but whose tongues turn to slugs when they try to say it
We are the men who talk about football.
Written 6th May, and published posthumously.
Most blog readers do not know my family, so I have not made them central to the blog. But they are central to my life. Here they are on our wheelchair maiden voyage (as provided by The National Health Service): From left, Gill, my wife; Maddie, my daughter; Boris, my elder son and Raffie, my younger son. All deeply loved.
More: My friends and I once put a banner on the front of a friend's car durign work. He was parked head in and didn't see it when he got in the car, drove home that night and to work the next day.
Scientists from the University of Utah set out seven cow carcasses in a grassy area, hoping to track the behaviors of scavengers during the winter months. Each carcass was equipped with a camera to record any and all findings. When scientist Evan Buechley made the trek out to the test site to examine the carcasses, he found that one of the cows had gone missing. As he reviewed the footage, he was stunned to watch it all unfold.
It seems almost incredible now, but few people remember that she received loads of rejection before she finally got published. He claims he's never read Harry Potter. The manuscript was famously rejected twelve times before ending up with Bloomsbury. So when she spotted on Twitter a comment giving precious advice to budding writers, Rowling gave a heartfelt explanation to her followers. There were so many times in the early 90s when I needed somebody to say this to me. It's great advice for many reasons. The comment said: You're working on something and you're thinking 'Nobody's gonna watch, read, listen'. Finish it anyway. She continued her thread by encouraging aspiring writers and artists to finish their work and never quit for fear of rejection. Even if it isn't the piece of work that finds an audience, it will teach you things you could have learned no other way. And by the way, just because it didn't find an audience, that doesn't mean it's bad work. The discipline involved in finishing a piece of creative work is something on which you can truly pride yourself. You'll have turned yourself from somebody who's thinking of, who might, who's trying, to someone who did. And once you've done it you'll know you can do it again. That is an extraordinarily empowering piece of knowledge. So do not ever quit out of fear of rejection.
This is Matthew Smith, an 11-year-old from Nottingham who casually conducted the city's 75-piece Symphony Orchestra on Sunday night. Near Royal Nottingham on April 2? Don't miss the conducting debut of 11-year-old Matthew Smith with Nottingham Symphony. At the Royal Concert Hall, Smith conducted Johann Strauss' operetta Die Fledermaus, a piece he's been listening to since he was 7.
His weapon of choice is an apostrophiser, which he uses to reach the highest signs. The Banksy of punctuation, who uses stickers rather than paint, denies it's a crime to go around the city to improve standards. It's a crime to have apostrophes wrong in the first place," he told the BBC. Just like with the Bat-signal, people are using hashtag #grammarvigilante to call him to fix crime punctuation in the city.
Donald Trump is nothing if not unpredictable. Does he love Paul Ryan? Does he want the Speaker of the House to step down? Will the whole world be a barren wasteland by the time my future children are in 8th grade? The Sims 3, on the other hand, is a formula. There is a way things go in the game, predetermined by equations and probabilities and others things too boring to talk about. So I decided to create a Trump character in The Sims to see how he fared in a virtual environment.  I had three big questions: if I made an exact replica of Trump in The Sims 3, how closely would he follow the real Trump's path, and would it even be possible? Can The Sims 3 tell me what is going to happen next? And perhaps most importantly: can I play The Sims 3 at work and not get in trouble?  There's a reason why you feel like time is moving slower in Trump's America. I'm happy and delighted to report that the answer on all fronts is a resounding "yes," but as they say, the journey was the blah blah blah real prize. Getting to know the ins and outs of his face. First of all, Donald Trump has a face that is not meant to be made in the game. The character creator, in all it's 2009 sophistication, simply cannot handle it. I cannot stress how many times the game crashed before our President ever got to start his life because I spent too much time trying to perfect the unique and impossible variations in his skin tone.
Source: Ebooks for all
Nineteen Eighty-Four was published in 1949 and has been translated to sixty-two languages. The novel's title, its terms and its language (Newspeak), and its author's surname are bywords for personal privacy lost to national state security. The adjective "Orwellian" denotes totalitarian action and organisation; the phrase: Big Brother is Watching You connotes pervasive, invasive surveillance. The following quotation from the novel has become famous: War is Peace. Freedom is Slavery. Ignorance is Strength.
Although the novel has been banned or challenged in some countries, it, along with Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, and Fahrenheit 451, by Ray Bradbury, is among literature's most famous dystopias. In 2005, Time magazine listed it among the hundred best English-language novels published since 1923. The novel WE by Yevgeny Zamyatin is considered by some to have been an influence on 1984 and is also a dystopia.
Source: Memoirs of Victor Hugo
The panel which was opposite the bed had been so blackened by time and effaced by dust that at first he could distinguish only confused lines and undecipherable contours; but the while he was thinking of other things his eyes continually wandered back to it with that mysterious and mechanical persistence which the gaze sometimes has. Singular details began to detach themselves from the confused and obscure whole. His curiosity was roused. When the attention becomes fixed it is like a light; and the tapestry growing gradually less cloudy finally appeared to him in its entirety, and stood out distinctly against the sombre wall, as though vaguely illumined.
It was only a panel with a coat of arms upon it, the blazon, no doubt, of former owners of the château; but this blazon was a strange one.
The escutcheon was at the foot of the panel, and it was not this that first attracted attention. It was of the bizarre shape of German escutcheons of the fifteenth century. It was perpendicular and rested, although rounded at the base, upon a worn, moss covered stone. Of the two upper angles, one bent to the left and curled back upon itself like the turned down corner of a page of an old book; the other, which curled upward, bore at its extremity an immense and magnificent morion in profile, the chinpiece of which protruded further than the visor, making the helm look like a horrible head of a fish. The crest was formed of two great spreading wings of an eagle, one black, the other red, and amid the feathers of these wings were the membranous, twisted and almost living branches of a huge seaweed which bore more resemblance to a polypus than to a plume. From the middle of the plume rose a buckled strap, which reached to the angle of a rough wooden pitchfork, the handle of which was stuck in the ground, and from there descended to a hand, which held it.
To the left of the escutcheon was the figure of a woman, standing. It was an enchanting vision. She was tall and slim, and wore a robe of brocade which fell in ample folds about her feet, a ruff of many pleats and a necklace of large gems. On her head was an enormous and superb turban of blond hair on which rested a crown of filigree that was not round, and that followed all the undulations of the hair. The face, although somewhat too round and large, was exquisite. The eyes were those of an angel, the mouth was that of a virgin; but in those heavenly eyes there was a terrestrial look and on that virginal mouth was the smile of a woman. In that place, at that hour, on that tapestry, this mingling of divine ecstasy and human voluptuousness had something at once charming and awful about it.
Behind the woman, bending towards her as though whispering in her ear, appeared a man.
Was he a man? All that could be seen of his body—legs, arms and chest—was as hairy as the skin of an ape; his hands and feet were crooked, like the claws of a tiger. As to his visage, nothing more fantastic and frightful could be imagined. Amid a thick, bristling beard, a nose like an owl’s beak and a mouth whose corners were drawn by a wild-beast-like rictus were just discernible. The eyes were half hidden by his thick, bushy, curly hair. Each curl ended in a spiral, pointed and twisted like a gimlet, and on peering at them closely it could be seen that each of these gimlets was a little viper.
The man was smiling at the woman. It was disquieting and sinister, the contact of these two equally chimerical beings, the one almost an angel, the other almost a monster; a revolting clash of the two extremes of the ideal. The man held the pitchfork, the woman grasped the strap with her delicate pink fingers.
As to the escutcheon itself, it was sable, that is to say, black, and in the middle of it appeared, with the vague whiteness of silver, a fleshless, deformed thing, which, like the rest, at length became distinct. It was a death’s head. The nose was lacking, the orbits of the eyes were hollow and deep, the cavity of the ear could be seen on the right side, all the seams of the cranium could be traced, and there only remained two teeth in the jaws.
But this black escutcheon, this livid death’s head, designed with such minuteness of detail that it seemed to stand out from the tapestry, was less lugubrious than the two personages who held up the hideous blazon and who seemed to be whispering to each other in the shadow.
Source: Government of Cannada website
As Canada marked its 150th anniversary of Confederation this year, Canadians across the country celebrated the diversity that makes us strong. Throughout our history, Canada has proudly welcomed immigrants and refugees from around the world. Indeed, our country was built by the many significant cultural and economic contributions of immigrants and our Indigenous peoples.
Immigration is not only an important part of our country’s history. It will also be integral to our country’s future, helping to spur economic growth, job creation and our prosperity. As Canada’s Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, I’m honoured to carry forward our country’s welcoming tradition, while we shape our country’s future.
In 2016, Canada welcomed more than 296,000 permanent residents, which is close to our new, ongoing target of 300,000 that we aim to achieve in 2017. In order to meet the growing needs of our economy and expanding labour market, the highest category of admissions in 2016 continued to be the Economic Class, which included approximately 156,000 permanent residents.
The high level of permanent resident admissions in 2016 also featured an extraordinary commitment to resettle Syrian refugees and a renewed focus on reuniting families. More than 62,000 people were admitted to Canada as resettled refugees, as people who were granted protected persons status in Canada through the asylum system, and people admitted for humanitarian and compassionate considerations under public policies. Canada also welcomed approximately 78,000 permanent residents in the Family Class, which is 19 percent higher than admissions in 2015 and reflects a Government of Canada commitment to reuniting more families faster.
Temporary immigration also continues to serve an important role in meeting our labour market needs and represents a significant contribution to our economy in general. Canada is becoming an increasingly popular destination for international students and tourism, and those who came to Canada temporarily in 2016 accounted for $32.2 billion in our economy.
This past year, Canada issued over 286,000 work permits to temporary workers. To help attract and retain global talent, the Government also launched the Global Skills Strategy in 2016. A key aspect of this effort will get highly-skilled temporary workers here faster, helping businesses to attract the talent they need to succeed in an increasingly competitive global market.
To better meet regional economic needs through immigration, this past year Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada launched the employer-focused Atlantic Immigration Pilot Program. As well, to enhance our country’s competitiveness globally, the Start-up Visa Program is now a permanent feature of our economic immigration program.
While Canada will continue to be a welcoming country that embraces our diversity, the Government is also aware of the ongoing need to balance our openness with the security and safety of Canadians. This balance is critical to the future success of our immigration program, to ensure it continues to bring economic and social benefits to Canada. We remain committed to reuniting more families faster and to upholding our humanitarian obligations, while we strive to make our immigration system more efficient and responsive to our economic needs.
As we continue to work towards achieving these goals at Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, is with great pride that I present the Annual Report to Parliament on Immigration 2017, including the levels plan for 2018 to 2020.
